Add individual README.md to each sample (#133)
android/ai-samples: samples/genai-summarization/README.md

> # Summarization with Nano Sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Summarization with On-Device Gemini Sample
```

This sample is part of the [AI Sample Catalog](../../). To build and run this sample, you should clone the entire repository.

## Description

> This sample demonstrates how to summarize articles and conversations on-device using the GenAI API powered by Gemini Nano. Users can input text, and the model will generate a concise summary, showcasing the power of on-device text processing with AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to summarize articles and conversations on-device using the GenAI API powered by Gemini Nano. Users can input text, and the model will generate a summary in 1-3 bullet points, showcasing the power of on-device text processing with AI.
```
